DOC-468 | BTS-1341 | ArangoSearch Views building in progress query warning (#1361)
arangodb/docs: 3.11/arangosearch.md

   both, with `FILTER`s after `SEARCH`, in which case the filter criteria will
   be applied to the search results as a post-processing step.

{% hint 'info' %}
Note that if you link a collection to a View and execute a query against this
View while it is still being indexed, you may not get complete results. In the
case where a View is still being built and simultaneously used in a query, the

> query includes an `1240` warning message informing you that the `arangosearch`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
query includes a warning message (code `1240`) informing you that the `arangosearch`
```
